https://coinmarketcap.com/ -- Main Website

Graphical Comparison
https://cryptocoincharts.info/coins/graphicalComparison

https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/three-new-cryptocurrency-platforms-help-monetize-your-time/


Monero(XMR) -- For Black Market

Ardor (ARDR) -- Voting, Privacay based coin mixing, account management, 
         blockchain storage, transaction aliasing, and built-in marketplace creation.
		 Introduced child chains (great level of customization)
		 
SIA (SC) -- Enterprise Cloud Storage. Uploads files with encryption in multiple locations.

FIND A SIMILAR COMPANY NON-CHINESE
Factom -- Store millions of realtime records with a single hash.
	Allows companies to create immutable database, and store database in their own blockchain,
	create a hash of that data, and store it in the bitcoin blockchain.
	
	Factom is usefull for all kinds of business apps, and they have got a huge contract with
	more than 25 smart cities in china. They are also working with other countries to create immutable
	databse, which will allow government to secure their data.
	

Stratis (STRAT) -- direct competitor to Ethereum. C#. Mircosoft Backed.

Golem (GNT) -- SuperComputer by Polish Programmers.

Expanse ()-- 

Lisk ()

STEEM () -- blockchain based social media network.

Zcash -- similar with Monero

Release on June 24th -- 2017
TenX (PAY) -- It makes cryptocurrencies spendable anytime, anywhere. How to use your profits
	in the real world is a challenge most people have when investing in cryptos. 



IOTA - Usefull for the emerging machine-to-machine(m2m) economy in IoT, data integrity,
micro-nano-payments, and other applications where a scalable decentralized system is warranted.


FunFair (FUN) -- Decentralized gaming platform. They have PoC. 

Civic (CVC) -- Secure identity platform provides on-demand, secure, and low-cost identity verification
	on the blockchain. Civic is trying to eliminate the need for usernames and passwords, so it provides
	multi-factor authentication without a password, username, physical hardware token or thrid party authenticator.
	
Basic Attention Token (BAT) --- Buy This.. Invest in this.


COIN vs TOKEN vs Platform

My Binance Favorites:

TRX - TRONIX -- Content Provider
XLM - Stellar -- cross-assest transfer of value including payments. IBM backed.
FUN - funfair -- online gaming
BAT - Basic Authentication Token
STRAT - Straits -- irect competitor to Ethereum. C#. Mircosoft Backed
KMD - Komodo -- dPOW (delayed proof of work).


GIFTO -
DASH
NEO
QTUM
ICON -
OMISEGO
STEEM
DENT
ADA
GBYTE
NEM
APOSTILLIE
